Add input examples tutorial (#2325)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/inputs/input_examples.rst

system to capture player input. There are many different types of input your
game may use - keyboard, gamepad, mouse, etc. - and many different ways to
turn those inputs into actions in your game. This document will show you some
of the most common scenarios, which you can use as starting points for your
own projects.

.. note:: For a detailed overview of how Godot's input event system works,
          see :ref:`doc_inputevent`.

Events versus polling
---------------------

Sometimes you want your game to respond to a certain input event - pressing
the "jump" button, for example. For other situations, you might want something
to happen as long as a key is pressed, such as movement. In the first case,
you can use the ``_input()`` function, which will be called whenever an input
event occurs. In the second case, Godot provides the :ref:`Input <class_Input>`
singleton, which you can use to query the state of an input.

Examples:

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # input event - runs when the input happens
    func _input(event):
        if event.is_action_pressed("jump"):
            jump()

    # polling - runs every frame

>     func _process(delta):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    func _physics_process(delta):
```

_process runs at a variable rate, independent from framerate. (You can get 20 process ticks at 60fps. With _physics_process still ticking at 60.) If this happens, the original code would introduce stutter.

All motion should occur in _physics_process. Let's not show newbies code that has the potential of breaking down later.

Author: Done.

you can assign any number of input events, such as keypresses or mouse clicks.
A new Godot project includes a number of default actions already defined. To
see them, and to add your own, open Project -> Project Settings and select
the InputMap tab:

.. image:: img/inputs_inputmap.png

Capturing actions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once you've defined your actions, you can process them in your scripts using
``is_action_pressed()`` and ``is_action_released()`` by passing the name of
the action you're looking for:

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    func _input(event):
        if event.is_action_pressed("my_action"):
            print("my_action occurred!")

Keyboard events
---------------

Keyboard events are captured in :ref:`InputEventKey <class_InputEventKey>`.
While it's recommended to use input actions instead, there may be cases where
you want to specifically look at key events. For this example, let's check for
the "T" key:

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    func _input(event):
        if event is InputEventKey and event.pressed:
            if event.scancode == KEY_T:
                print("T was pressed")

> .. tip:: See :ref:`@GlobalScope <class_@GlobalScope>` for a list of scancode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. tip:: See :ref:`@GlobalScope <enum_@GlobalScope_KeyList>` for a list of scancode
```
You can link to the scancode enum directly.

        constants.

Keyboard modifiers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Modifier properties are inherited from
:ref:`InputEventWithModifiers <class_InputEventWithModifiers>`. This  allows
you to check for modifier combinations using boolean properties. Let's imagine
you want one thing to happen when the "T" key is pressed, but something
different when it's "Shift+T":

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    func _input(event):
        if event is InputEventKey and event.pressed:
            if event.scancode == KEY_T:
                if event.shift:
                    print("Shift+T was pressed")
                else:
                    print("T was pressed")

> .. tip:: See :ref:`@GlobalScope <class_@GlobalScope>` for a list of scancode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. tip:: See :ref:`@GlobalScope <enum_@GlobalScope_KeyList>` for a list of scancode
```

        constants.

Mouse events
------------

Mouse events stem from the :ref:`InputEventMouse <class_InputEventMouse>` class, and
are separated into two types: :ref:`InputEventMouseButton <class_InputEventMouseButton>`
and :ref:`InputEventMouseMotion <class_InputEventMouseMotion>`. Note that this
means that all mouse events will contain a ``position`` property.

Mouse buttons
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Capturing mouse buttons is very similar to handling key events. :ref:`@GlobalScope <class_@GlobalScope>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Capturing mouse buttons is very similar to handling key events. :ref:`@GlobalScope <enum_@GlobalScope_ButtonList>`
```

Author: Good idea, I'll update those refs.
